Visual Content Considerations article (#1992)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/Song_Content_Rules/en.md

They will need to be identified by a line in the beatmap's description reflecting the sensitive nature of the content. They must also not have the preview point of the map set to a portion of the song that widely broadcasts said explicit content.

Additionally, any visual assets associated with the beatmap must be broadly considered as appropriate for an all-ages audience as per [Community Rule 5](wiki/Rules/en.md#community-rules), using the schema below.

## Understanding if visual content is appropriate or not

Visual content (aka: beatmap backgrounds, skins, objects and other included graphical or video-related assets distributed with a beatmapset) **MUST NOT** contain any of the following:

* Depictions of excessive violence towards humans, human-like characters or animals

>   - Example: imagery that portrays gore, mutilation, severe maiming, wounding or graphical depictions of recent death with an obvious cause present (etc: hanging, asphyxiation, exasanguination/bleeding out)

Reviewer: exasanguination -> exsanguination

* Depictions of obvious sexual innuendo in excess
  - Unacceptable example: imagery that imitates sexual acts on a phallic-like object, such as a cucumber
* Explicit or highly suggestive sexual posturing in any capacity
  - Unacceptable example: a character in a state of near or partial undress lying atop a bed or another surface with obvious sexual intent/anticipation
* Depictions of any sexual content involving or targeted at minors, or fantasy characters of uncertain/dubious age
  - Unacceptable example: Any form of overt sexual posturing, innuendo or portrayal from an anime character in the 'loli' style, regardless of their established narrative age
* Erotic nudity or graphic sexual depiction
  - Unacceptable example: Active sexual intercourse, foreplay, full frontal nudity with genitals clearly visible
* Depictions of drug paraphernalia or consumption of any common contraband substance (cocaine, amphetamines, etc), regardless of legality in your host country
  - Unacceptable example: bongs, coke spoons, used needles, obvious 'pockmark' bruises suggestive of heavy drug use

> * Depictions of widely abhorrent cultural/religious icons intended to deliberately inflame, such as offensive use of Nazi/fascist aligned swastikas, anti-Semetic terminology and symbols, or any other icon or motif that is an active signet or marker of discrimination against a social, racial or political group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Depictions of widely abhorrent cultural/religious icons intended to deliberately inflame, such as offensive use of Nazi/fascist aligned swastikas, anti-Semitic terminology and symbols, or any other icon or motif that is an active signet or marker of discrimination against a social, racial or political group
```

* Depictions of swimsuit or 'scant' dress/undress so long as such imagery is not highly excessive or in violation of the posturing & innuendo rules listed above
  - Acceptable example: A particularly busty anime character enjoying some time on a dock with her seagull companion
  - Unacceptable example: Three very busty anime characters wearing similar swimsuits with their breasts poised in obvious presentation, with said imagery occupying more than a third of the image's total scene
* Imagery of mild to moderate violence without excessive gore or bloodshed
  - Acceptable example: Two characters from a boxing anime actively fighting one another with bruises, swelling, and some blood present
  - Unacceptable example: A sword fighter removing a limb from an opponent's body with much blood present
* Tasteful depiction of sexual "assets" not done to the extremes
  - Acceptable example: Motion-oriented clothing movement that exposes the front or back of the upper thighs, clothing that exposes a reasonable amount of cleavage, shirtless male characters (with or without nipples)

>   - Unacceptable example: Both genders attired in microkini swimsuits, pasties or other stickers, bandages or adhesive material covering genitals

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Unacceptable example: Any gender attired in microkini swimsuits, pasties, other stickers, bandages or adhesive material covering genitals
```

* Depiction of obviously artistic nudity within the context of a given work or domain
  - Good example: Pairing classic Salvador Dali art containing mild nudity to a work cited to be inspired by said piece, or that otherwise houses an obvious, discernible reference to it

>   - Bad example: Using a nude model or figure with a work that has no obvious link to the piece, such as on an unrelated anime opening or ending theme

Reviewer 4: "Unacceptable" was used instead of "Bad" above this, should probably have these consistent since they're used to convey the same things (whether that be changing these or the others).

>  * Depiction of romantic or intimate acts within an acceptable narrative context

Reviewer 5: Remove the space in the beginning since it breaks the list:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/659133/53465625-e0147880-3a0b-11e9-97b3-7292ccf6c1ec.png)

Author: applied!
